my name is Pieter Bruegel I'm here with
Carlos Kenda is a BMC Carlos how are you
thank you I'm fine like always present
our product line presented to the public
and Germany is home turf so we are very
happy to meet to meet you Peter from the
US covering this show well I see
products here in white and white seems
to be a colour this year for a lot of
hi-fi products I agree with the designs
of a lot of manufacturers who have
selected to display their products in
white in a white finish it goes in
multiple environments I think it really
looks good for hi-fi its a decor
friendly I'm glad that you've joined in
with other designers to do the same how
long have you had the products available
in white Oh for this product it's right
from the beginning mm-hmm what we are
showing here for our Acadia speaker it's
not only white because it looks
fashionable and nice and let's say cool
simpler maybe more European style
decoration environments it is also
because we want to show the raw material
of what this speaker is made since it's
made of a ceramic compound material
which is pocket casted
we can weld it it is also interested to
touch and feel how different it is
mm-hmm it doesn't matter of fact it
looks good enough to simply put it this
way and just wait if you scratch it you
see if you can reset re wax it and it
looks like new again
mm-hmm what are the electronics that are
backing up the Arkadia speakers all
these electronics of course are also
from our company on top you see the
photo stage which already got quite a
thing for its very different approach
and the next issue of stereo file will
tell a new story again the belt drive CD
players very unique belt drive CD
players where we have maybe one of the
DS experience and give a very unique
sound quality for CD players who are
deck one including also the preamps
action analog inputs high resolution USB
the center of a system the heart of the
church the heart of the system yes and
for a contemporary system we should
simply accept that now digital sources
are the norm analog sources should have
their space over here so the DAC is a
consequent decision to turn it into the
heart of a system on the outside you see
the brand-new m2 amplifiers which has a
new generation of hours of our unique
and we have taken
ecology and we managed to upgrade the
sound quality significantly without
changing the price well hats off to you
for that in what's in the center in the
center is one of our bestsellers with
the cs2 the cs2 is the successor of the
c1 as well as the s1 c1 was an
integrator and the s-1 was a power amp
and we always had the customers had a
hard time to make a choice I get a lot
of BMC extra advantages if I take the
power and that I have to start at all
and the integrated amp is most
compatible the cs2 can change
automatically from one to another who
move once it finds another BMC and it
also features the latest generation of
RN EDF amplifiers so we managed compared
to this first generation c1 and s1 to
improve the sound quality quite
remarkably well thank you very much
Carlos from BMC here at a fireside chat
yes and the most important news this
year let's say one more thing will be
our new line the first representant of
our new line you may follow me to this
corner this is the pure DAC which is now
this item is a high-resolution DAC
supporting all standards up to 384 k-dst
everything it has the balanced reference
level headphone amplifier in fact you
hardly can call it an amplifier because
this is also new approach where we don't
need extra stages we can simply use an
IV convertor in a clever way so it's
rather power DAC hmm in a very very
short way with our very unique lost less
volume control systems and on the rear
it features the same for a preamplifier
output so you can't connect active
speakers if you have a BMC amplifiers
which are soon to join this mine - good
good you can have our specific
advantages of interaction the line out
and the headphone out are separately
controlled you can have a little
background music while making party on
the advert only has one area the pure
DAC is a very very competitive product
where we put all our efforts for best
manufacturing technology and
manufacturing approach to bring the
price performance relation to the top
the MSRP the plant MSRP for the yes is
about $1600 no that's that's that's
super thank you
well very good the brave new design from
the mind of carnal scan dais the CEO and
founder of BMC audio were
casting here from Munich Germany thank
you very much Carlos thank you very much
see you next time again